Please give an idea for new application of brain hyperscanning.
What kind of communication can be enhanced using the technology?

Answer
I think brain hyperscanning can be used in education, especially in cram schools (juku in Japan), to enhance the communication among students and teacher. 

Explanation
When I walking on the streets in Tokyo, I usually see a variety kinds of juku, which offers different kinds of courses from mathematics, new languages to sports and music. At weekends or in the evening after school, students goes in to these schools and start leaning new knowledge or review what they learned in school. However, for a chlid or young person whose leisure time for playing or relaxing is  deprived, I believe it would be hard for them to concentrate on the lessons, then the lesson, and the time and money they spent on it would be meaningless. So, it is of great importance to find methods to enhance the communication among the teacher and students, so that the teacher could know about whether students learns well about what teacher has taught. Now, teacher can learn about students' absorption and understanding only by asking them questions, but I think it is time-consuming and inefficient. 

With the help of brain hyperscanning technology, I think this problem can be solved well. During the lessons, each student can wear a small brain hyperscanning devive, and the teacher's assistant can watch the “synchrony” of activities between teacher and students' brains. If the data shows that most of the students' brains are independent to the teacher's brain, the assistant can suggest the teacher repeat what is taught just now, or let the students to have a break. In addition, students who have longest independent time with the teacher could be required to do some extra learning or exercise. I believe that after introducing this technology, students' communication with the teacher would be greatly enhanced, as a result, students in the cram schools could learn much better,and the cram schools could receive good reputation.