Kind of problem:
	Information security in modern society

	Information Technology (IT) is one of the most popular and important concepts in this century: nowadays, the 10 greatest companies all over the world are IT companies, and in colleges and universities, majors related to information technology become more and more popular among new students. We store our credit card information in the online shopping sites, give our location information to navigation service providers, and share our pictures, activities with social network applications. However, none of them can ensure that they are able to keep our information well and protect it from anyone who want to use it to do harmful things. Up to now, many severe crimes related to information security has happended, making people become increasingly concerned about information security. Nowadays, as so much information about us are stored everywhere in Internet, I think it is of great importance to talk about information security.

The reality we are embeded in (AS IS)
	Actually, there exists no absolutely safe system (all the systems are made by human, and human always make mistakes), so those who want to commit crimes like stealing information or make fake identities, they are always able to find methods to do it. In another hand, many users(from normal users to operators in companies) usually assign insufficient attention to information security: they use very simple passwords, never update their systems or applications, provide important information easily when asked, download suspicious files from untrusted sources and execute them without hesitation. As a result, many crimes happened and huge loss was caused. 

	Economical loss in the past years?

	Past events?
	Leaking of personal photos stored on Apple iCloud

	Leaking of films of Sony Film company: The Fury?

	Wanna cry ransomware in the last month
	Last month, a program which encrypt all the files on the victim's computer and ask the victim to pay bitcoins so that the files can be recovered. This ransomware affacted users all over the world, even information systems in some hospitals, governments and universities are attacked. One of the most important causes of it is that many people never upgrade their systems

New Reality we want to reconstruct (TO BE)
	The reality we are embeded is terrible and contains many kinds of danger, while many people are blind to thee tough situation. In the new reality we want to reconstruct, everyone should be aware of information security, information systems are robust against attackers and stealing or damaging inforamtion would lead to be thrown into prison instead of making profit.

How to change old reality and how to reach the new reality
	First is making people aware of the importance of information security. Almost all of us know we should keep our wallets or other thing of great price in safe places, so clearly, people are able to keep things in safe, then, what we should do is very simple: at the start, when teaching children to keep their wallets well, also ask them to protect their personal information carefully. Nowadays, in many primary schools, students are taught how to use the computers. 

	Then is about setting more jobs related to information security. 

	Finally, open source and make everything clear and transparent. 



